Xiaoxiangguo, did you forget?
When you grow up, you want to marry me
otherwise
It will be a disaster for you
July 18 Zodiac auspicious day
Sorghum Taishan High Ten
Jinshan Yinshan
Boy and girl
Wind pig sends money
Oops, the scourge of the year is back
Oh, Jiu Ye, think of a way, son
Let's go. Take him back
Grandpa, why are you here?
I'll be a little later.
Your soul was taken away by his scourge
Hey, hey.
This
What does this taste like?
Why are you so rude?
Niu Niu Beef Old Taste
Yeah!
That's disgusting!
Disgusting and worse
You immediately put the word happy on all the houses
Be sure to post the word happy yourself.
This is to marry me to that beautiful sister
As a daughter-in-law?
Grandpa has to have a life to marry you
Happy characters should be pasted on white paper